---
title: "2025.03.14 aka Mo' Money, Mo' Formatting Problems"
date: "2025.03.14"
---

Today, I continued work on [**Bmore Today**](https://bmoretoday.modamo.xyz/).

## Small Things

### Made all source links absolute URLs

I noticed a small problem with one of the source's links. Previously, if you clicked on `baltshowplace.tumblr.com`, it would actually direct to `https://bmoretoday.modamo.xyz/baltshowplace.tumblr.com`. Turns out when passing a URL to href, if it doesn't have a protocol prepended, it's interpreted as a relative URL instead of absolute. Source of the problem was that in the script for event retrieval, I was passing `baltshowplace.tumblr.com` as the source property. The Tumblr API requires that the `blogIdentifier` is passed to access a blog's posts. So since I already had a variable for `blogIdentifier`, I just passed it as the source. This was an easy fix, just had to prepend `https://` to `blogIdentifier` when inserting it into the database.

### Dropped `TIME` column

Now that I have `startTime` and `endTime` properties, bye-bye redundant `time` property 👋🏾! Just removed all mentions of `time` in the scripts, adjusted the insertion query, and dropped the `TIME` column.

### Now displays "Not Provided" if there's no start time

It must be rare because I didn't notice it until today. There was an event that said to DM the provided handle for the address. This populated the `location` property, but no time was provided (maybe that'll be given with the address?). So, on the frontend, it was just displaying `null`. Another quick fix: just adjusted the conditional rendering statement to display "Not Provided" if there's no startTime (but now that I'm thinking about it, I wonder if this'll affect the sorting by time 🤔).

## Big Thing: Setting the stage for Price Standardization

Yesterday, I said today's task would be tackling prices. Here are all the unique price formats I documented just from today's events:

- $25 
- $FREE
- Unknown
- $10-$15
- $SOLD OUT
- $15 adv/$20 doors
- $
- Not Provided
- 30
- FREE
- Free
- Free-$5
- 0-30
- $39 to $59 21+ over. 100% ID Check.
- $15-55
- $25 in advance, $35 at the door, $10 reduced
- $12 in advance, $15 at the door
- Vary
- FREE, donations welcome!
- $10.00

Sigh...

Current plan is to move from one `price` prop that's a string to three new properties:
- `minPrice`
- `maxPrice`
- `priceDescription`

`minPrice` and `maxPrice` will be floats with two decimals or either +/- Infinity (on the frontend, SQL supposedly doesn't support Infinity so it'll be null there). Added those columns to the table and adjusted the `Event` type, making sure to mark the three new properties as optional with `?` so nothing breaks in the transition. Tomorrow will be the fun part: adjusting the regexes to account for all of the various price options. ...yay (but actually. The challenge is frustrating, but fulfilling).

## Final Thoughts

Today's session was table setting, the tricky part will be updating the regexes (Free-$5 and $39 to $59 21+ over. 100% ID Check. seem like they'll be the trickiest for some reason.) Until then, I'm gonna enjoy the apple pie I got today and see Cap 4 for the second time.

Happy Pi Day! 🥧