---
title: "2025.03.15 aka Jack of All Trades"
date: "2025.03.15"
---

Took a break from [**Bmore Today**](https://bmoretoday.modamo.xyz/) to explore an idea I've been sitting on: an app or site to **make hobby-hopping easier**. I love learning and new experiences, so why not build something to help discover more of what's out there?

## Waxing Poetics 

We've been inundated with multiverse content these past few years. A lot of it feels lazy and cash-grabby, but one of the standouts of the bunch was *Everything Everywhere All At Once*. I think one of the coolest ideas presented was "verse-jumping", the ability to tap into the skills and knowledge of other versions of yourself.

I think the idea resonated with me because of the curiosity I've held since I was a kid. I never had a favorite school subject, I liked **all** of them. When I first learned about college, I imagined it as a place where everyone wanted to learn, a Valhalla of knowledge. I was convinced I’d walk out a doctor-archaeologist-astronaut. But reality set in: most people pick one major, one career path, and stick with it.

That never sat right with me.

There are so many things to learn, explore, and experience; why limit ourselves?

My favorite line from *Parable of the Sower* by Octavia Butler is
```
All that you touch, you change. All that you change, changes you.
```
So I've always wanted to touch **everything**, to contribute, to experiment, to fail, to grow, to discover in what ways I change. One of the ways I do this is through hobby hopping. I could just be justifying my ADHD 😂, but I truly believe in the T-shaped learning model, applied not just to work but to life in general (maybe more upside down histogram shaped 🤔).

## JOAT (Jack Of All Trades)

Like most of my projects, the idea of JOAT starts as a personal tool first. I always build for myself first. What do I need for this to be useful? So here's what I'm thinking:
- A **list of hobbies** to choose from
- A way to **randomly discover** or **search for** hobbies
- A space to **document progress** (photos, videos, notes to start probably)
- A way to **find relevant communities** (maybe subreddits to start) to get started faster

## Today's Work

Today, I worked on a script to collect the hobbies. There used to be a Wikipedia page listing hobbies, but I think it was deleted because the concept of a "hobby" is so broad. Fair enough.

I did find an alternative source though. The script can:
- Search through all available pages of the source
- Extract and store hobby names
- Save them to a JSON file

Next step? Setting up a PostgreSQL database with:
- A table for hobbies
- A table for page hashes (to avoid redundant scraping)

Once that’s in place, I’ll start working on the UI. Maybe set up another React Native project with Expo.

## Final Thoughts

Curiosity doesn’t have to be a one-time thing. It should be a way of life.

JOAT is my way of trying to give that philosophy a shape.

We'll see where this goes.